MC-293 - SentinelOne - New operationalState input (#809)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: sentinelone/help.md

Example output:

```

> {{

Author: It was a typo - it is an object - thanks 🙂

# Version History

> * 6.0.0 - Add `operational_state` field to input, use API version 2.1, update schema in 'Get Agent Details' and 'Search Agent' actions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 6.0.0 - Add `operational_state` field to input | Use API version 2.1 | Update schema in Get Agent Details and Search Agent actions | Update capitalization according to style in Activities List action for Created Than Date and Less Than Dates inputs to Greater than Date and Less than Date
```
